Add additional-guest-memory-overhead-ratio setting (#615)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/create-vm.md

- Stop: There will be no VM instance. If the guest is already running, it will be stopped. This is the same behavior as `Running: false`.

### Reserved Memory

> You can set a customized value for the VM, it depends on many factors
> 
> - the numuber of devices like network nics, hot-plug volumes
> 
> If no value is configured, Harvester will set a default value according to rollowing rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring a value for the VM, consider the number of devices (for example, network interfaces and hot-plug volumes) and other factors.

If you do not specify a value, Harvester assigns one based on the following rules:
```

> ```
>   Expected VM Memory      Default Reserved Memory
>    100M ...  512M                  100M
>    512M ...  1G                    128M
>    1G   ...  2.5G                  256M
>    2.5G ...  10G             10%, round to M
>    10G  ...                         1G
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Expected VM Memory | Default Reserved Memory |
| --- | --- |
| 100 to 512 MiB | 100 MiB |
| 512 MiB to 1 GiB | 128 MiB |
| 1 to 2.5 GiB | 256 MiB |
| 2.5 to 10 GiB | 10%, rounded to the nearest MiB |
| 10 GiB | 1 GiB |
```

> For example, one VM is configured with 2GiB memory from the [Harvester UI](https://docs.harvesterhci.io/v1.3/vm/index#how-to-create-a-vm) and the `Reserved Memory` is not set, the default value of the `Reserved Memory` is 256MiB, the Guest OS gets 1792MiB memory.
> 
> The final virtual machine object created on the cluster has following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example:

A VM that you created using the [Harvester UI](https://docs.harvesterhci.io/v1.3/vm/index#how-to-create-a-vm) has 2 GiB of memory but no set value for **Reserved Memory**. Harvester uses the default **Reserved Memory** value of 256 MiB and allocates 1792 MiB of memory to the guest OS.

The final VM object created on the cluster has the following parameters:
```
